This image depicts what you would receive after shopping at a Lululemon store after choosing to opt in for email receipts. Upon reading the “What Is Data?” handout, I look at this receipt in a much different way. This was sent via email, as an automatic response to a purchase of some articles of clothing. While the email itself contains lots of numbers that are reader-facing regarding the price of the items, store number, cashier number, time of purchase, date of purchase, etc., I now know that this email has many other numbers behind it that allow the computer and system that Lululemon uses to send out these automatic emails to recognize what exactly was purchased, in addition to the numerical size, quantity, price, and item number. There are dictionaries somewhere on the Lululemon site that has identified each piece of clothing and accessory in their system to be represented by a certain numerical set that then shows up as the item in the email that is sent out. To get this exact image, I screenshotted the receipt directly from my email. In doing this, I created an entirely new data set onto my computer by saving it as an image instead of written words as it appears in my email. This ties into the theme that computers take all information put in it the same way: in the series of 1s and 0s. The actual email and the picture contain the same exact information, but are stored as a completely different series of 1s and 0s due to the nature of the way the information was stored onto my Mac. As I am analyzing this image, I am constructing these observations in Microsoft Word. I am creating a version of plain text that can only be edited on the Microsoft Word server, or another program that reads plain text- which means I am introducing yet another way that both this image and my words about it will be saved and stored onto my computer. In order for the email to have been sent out, firstly the cashier had to interact with their system to represent the correct items that were being sold to me. Being an employee myself, I have some knowledge of the RFID system that we use to do inventory counts, restock pieces, as well as other product driven back-of-house systems I legally cannot share with the public. I can’t even imagine how this system alone has its lists and dictionaries set up, as it is a vast expanse of product and information about the product and where it should be going next. This is undoubtedly an incredible set up of Protocol that sorts and differentiates each product and each place the product could potentially be moved to. It is clear that from the back room, to the cashier, to the warehouses and all the way up to Corporate, that human-facing data tasks are just the beginnings of the data information that is then transferred to the machine facing layers of data that consist of email receipts, cashier tills, and RFID systems. 
